docs(ai-agents): Add AI connector tutorials and Agent engine positioning (#70461)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/ai-agents/embedded/api/README.md

---

# Sonar API

> The Sonar API allows you to build a fully integrated Airbyte Embedded Experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Agent Engine API allows you to build a fully integrated Airbyte Embedded Experience.
```

This approach separates one-time organizational setup from per-user operations, making your integration more scalable.

> [Full Sonar API reference](/ai-agents/embedded/api-reference/sonar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Full Agent Engine API reference](/ai-agents/embedded/api-reference/sonar).
```
